java c
Department of Infrastructure Engineering 
GEOM90038 Advanced Imaging 
Lab Assignment 1: image-based 3D modelling 
Due for submission at 10:00 pm on Friday of Week 3Note: This assignment can be carried out in a group. You can choose your group member (no more than 2 members per group) and work together on the assignment. However, each student must submit an individual report outlining their method and results. It is recommended that you use a camera rather than a phone for photography. 
The task The aim of   this assignment is to reconstruct a 3D model   of   a   man-made   object   with planar   surfaces,   e.g.   a   building,   from   a   set   of   images.   Your   tasks   include   camera   calibration,   image   acquisition,   camera   orientation,   accuracy   analysis,   and   generation   of a textured wireframe. model   of   the   selected   object.   To   carry   out   these   tasks   you   will   use   a   software   called   iWitness,   which   has   been   installed   in   the   lab   computers.   You   can   also   download   the   software   from   the   link below   and   installed   it   on   your personal   computer.
http://www.photometrix.com.au/downloads/iWitnessPRO_STUDENT/iWitnessPRO_4.105_STUDE NT_DEMO_x64.exe The   user   manual   of   the   iWitness    software   is   available   on   LMS.   You   are   also   provided    a   pdf   file   containing 20 BW (Black and White) codes used for camera calibration, which is a prerequisite step to   conducting 3D   measurement of   objects   with iWitness.   Figure   1 shows an example 3D   model ofa   building   created from a set   of   images   in   iWitness.

Figure   1. A   screenshot   ofiWitness   interface   showing   a   textured   3D   model   ofa   building   reconstructed from images.
The procedure 
1. Camera calibration.   In   this    step,   you   are   required   to   calibrate   your   camera   using   the   automatic   calibration tool in iWitness. Details of   this step can be found in the section C2 of   the manual(iWitness   Manual.pdf on   LMS).   You   will   need   to   set   up   the   camera   and   target   layout   with   the   20   black   and   white   coded   targets   (iWitness_BW_CalCodes.pdf   on   LMS)   for   the   automatic   calibration.   It   is   recommended   to   turn-off “auto-rotate”,   do   not   refocus   and   zoom   when   capturing   the   layout   of the   setup   targets, set   the focus   to infinity, and   try   to shoot   with   the   highest   resolution. Once   the calibration   is   finished,   check   the   accuracy   of your   calibration.   If the   internal   accuracy   of referencing   exceeds 0.25   pixels,   you   will   have   to   redo   the   process,   perhaps   with   more   images.   Save   the   calibration   parameters in your project and record the accuracy for your report. 
2. Image acquisition. Capture a sufficient number of   images covering all sides   of   the real   selected object   (e.g.,   buildings).   Make   sure   there   is   sufficient   overlap   between   each   pair   of   consecutive   images.   Remember to measure a few distances on the real object using a measuring tape so that you can scale   your model later.
3. Camera orientation.   Perform   relative   orientation   of the   first   two   images   via   the   point   marking   and   referencing   operation   in   iWitness   (Section B3.1   of   the   iWitness manual). You   should use   at   least   6   points   and   check the   Total   RMS   error,   which   display   at the   right-bottom   of   the   3D   list.   If   the   total   RMS error of   the image marking/referencing exceeds   1.5   pixels,   you   will have to redo the orientation,   perha代 写GEOM90038 Advanced Imaging Lab Assignment 1: image-based 3D modellingR
代做程序编程语言ps   with   more   points   or   picking   the   marking/referencing   points   more   carefully.   Orient   the   third and   subsequent   images   using   the   referencing   tool   (Section   B3.4   of the   manual).   Use   review   mode   (Section   B7) to   check   your   point   references   and   correct   the   point   positions   if   necessary.
4. Scaling the model. Apply the correct scale to your model by entering the actual distances between one   or   more   pairs   of   points   of   the   real   object   for   the   distances   between   their   corresponding   points   on   the 3D   models.   The   details   of   this   process   can   be   found   in   the   Section   B4.1(the   iWitness   manual).   Remember to setup with a suitable project unit (which can be   changed   at   any time).
5. Accuracy evaluation. Export the 3D coordinates of   all points and the   corresponding   standard   errors   in   a   .txt   or   a   .csv   file   (Section   B5.1).   Analyse   the   accuracy   of the   camera   orientation   based   on   the   standard   error   of the   point   coordinates   and   include   your   analysis   in   the   report.   Verify   your   results   with the project status summary (Section   B9).
6. 3D modelling. Create a 3D wireframe. model of   the object by drawing polylines connecting vertices of   planar   surfaces   (Section   B11).
7. Texture mapping. Map texture to each planar polyline in 3D view (Section B12). Export your textured   3D model in   a   .vrml   file.
Submission 
Write an individual report outlining the process and your results. Include   the   following   content:
a.          Introduction: describe the aims and   your   general   approach   to   the   assignment.
b.          Methods: explain   the   method   you   followed   to   perform   each   of   the   tasks   of   the   project.
c.          Results:   report   the   results    including   the   accuracy   of   camera   calibration   and   orientation.   Include   screenshots   of your   textured   3D   model.   Provide   an   analysis   of the   results   and   discuss   if/how   the   results can be improved.
d.          Conclusions:    provide a summary of your findings and what you learned about image-based modelling.
e.          References: provide a list of   references   if   your text   includes   any   information   from   other   sources.   Submit   a   digital   version   of   your   report   via   LMS   and   in   pdf   format   only.
Marking rubric 
Appropriate length and proper formatting                                                                   5%
Proper introduction                                                                                                                                  10%
Proper description of   the method                                                                                                                                  15%
Proper analysis of   the results                                                                                                                                                    20%
Accuracy   of   the   camera   calibration/orientation                                                      20%
Quality of   the model                                                                                                                                                                                           20%
Logical conclusions                                                                                                                                                                                                 10%

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
